DOCSP-43071: Bulk operations (#54)
mongodb/docs-c: source/write/bulk-write.txt

that match your query filter.

The following example queues a delete many operation to the bulk write:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/write/bulk-write.c
   :start-after: start-bulk-delete-many
   :end-before: end-bulk-delete-many
   :language: c
   :dedent:

Run the Bulk Operation
----------------------

To run each write operation queued in the bulk write, call the ``mongoc_bulk_operation_execute()``
function. This function accepts the following parameters:

- **mongoc_bulk_operation_t value**: Contains the instructions for each write operation

- **Results location**: Specifies a pointer to overwritable storage that will contain
  operation results, or ``NULL``

- **Error location**: Specifies a location for an error value, or ``NULL``

The following example performs the :ref:`insert <c-bulk-add-insert>`,
:ref:`update <c-bulk-add-update>`, :ref:`replace <c-bulk-add-replace>`,
and :ref:`delete <c-bulk-add-delete>` operations specified in the preceding
sections of this guide by calling the ``mongoc_bulk_operation_execute()``
function:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/write/bulk-write.c
   :start-after: start-bulk-run
   :end-before: end-bulk-run
   :language: c
   :dedent:

> If any of the write operations fail, the {+driver-short+} raises a
> ``mongoc_bulkwriteexception_t`` error and does not perform any further operations.

Reviewer: Remove mention of `mongoc_bulkwriteexception_t`. `mongoc_bulkwriteexception_t` applies to the [mongoc_bulkwrite_t](https://mongoc.org/libmongoc/current/mongoc_bulkwrite_t.html). `mongoc_bulkwrite_t` requires server 8.0. `mongoc_bulk_operation_t` can be used with any supported server version.

```suggestion
If any of the write operations fail, the {+driver-short+} sets the output error and does not perform any further operations.
```

         {+mdb-server+} manual.

   * - ``let``
     - | Specifies a document with a list of values to improve operation readability. Values
         must be constant or closed expressions that don't reference document fields. For more
         information, see the :manual:`let statement
         </reference/command/delete/#std-label-delete-let-syntax>` in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

The following example calls the ``mongoc_collection_create_bulk_operation_with_opts()`` function
and sets the ``ordered`` option to ``false``:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/write/bulk-write.c
   :start-after: start-bulk-write-unordered
   :end-before: end-bulk-write-unordered
   :language: c
   :dedent:

If any of the write operations in an unordered bulk write fail, the {+driver-short+}
reports the errors only after attempting all operations.

.. note::

   Unordered bulk operations do not guarantee order of execution. The order can
   differ from the way you list them to optimize the runtime.

Additional Information
----------------------

To learn how to perform individual write operations, see the following guides:

- :ref:`c-write-insert`
- :ref:`c-write-update`
- :ref:`c-write-delete`

> - :ref:`c-write-replace`

Author: Note to reviewer: these links will be broken until #52 and #53 are merged
